[DOCS] Adds note to time_of_week function about how values are calculated (#87871)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/anomaly-detection/functions/ml-time-functions.asciidoc

The `time_of_week` function detects when events occur that are outside normal
usage patterns. For example, it detects login events on the weekend.

> IMPORTANT: The `time_of_week` function is modeled in UTC and the duration of the 
>   week is in seconds. It means that the `typical` and `actual` values are 
>   seconds after a whole number of weeks after 1/1/1970 in UTC which is a 
>   Thursday. For example, a value of `475` is 475 seconds after midnight on 
>   Thursday in UTC. 

Reviewer: The first sentence doesn't read quite right to me. How about:
```suggestion
IMPORTANT: The `time_of_week` function models time in epoch seconds modulo the duration
  of a week in seconds. It means that the `typical` and `actual` values are 
  seconds after a whole number of weeks since 1/1/1970 in UTC which is a 
  Thursday. For example, a value of `475` is 475 seconds after midnight on 
  Thursday in UTC. 
```
